Improve the 'first' documentation. (#4)
beaker/docs: docs/first/docker.md

To set up Beaker:

1. Run `beaker configure`.
2. When prompted for the Beaker address, enter https://beaker.org

> 3. When prompted for the user token, enter your token (available from your **user settings** at the Beaker site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When prompted for the user token, enter your token from your [user page](https://beaker.org/user).
   Please note that this step requires an account.
```

Press enter to keep the current value of any setting.
Results will be saved to /Users/username/.beaker

Beaker address [localhost:9027]: https://beaker.org⏎
User token []: <your token>⏎

> ```

Reviewer: This entire example seems to have minimal utility, and doesn't match output from the CLI.  Let's cut it to limit drift.
